>>What I've discovered is
that the chakras that you have
in your palms, once you
understand what they are--
this is important.
The first thing you need to
know is that chakras-- oh,
you have one?
>>I do.
>>Oh, good OK.
All right, here they are.
I just need this one.
This is one.
This is the older one.
They made a new one.
They just made a brand new
one, which is way stronger than
these.
They've really worked
it out, I think.
I'm really impressed
what they've done.
I don't know what exactly
it is they've done,
but they've done something.
But they have a blue dot
on them, and that's out.
This goes in.
And the chakras, all the
chakras are facing this way.
So like Merkaba field
is sitting this way.
You chakras are
turned 90 degrees,
facing this way and
running up the body,
and you've got 12 of these.
But the one on top of your
head, the crown chakra,
is exactly the same
as year big one.
And the base chakra
is also flat,
exactly the same as
your big Merkaba.
Those two sit in the same way,
and all the rest of them are
at 90 degrees, turned this way,
running up the body like that.
And on your hand
they're like this.
They're flat.
So depending on where you
face your hand is how it is.
So from within your
body looking out,
all these that are facing like
this are rotating over the top
counterclockwise from
inside your body.
Now, counterclockwise
is like this,
but you're seeing it clockwise.
If I turn around and keep
doing the same thing,
you can see that it's
actually counterclockwise.
You come back around,
and it's clockwise.
If you look at the
Earth from the top,
the Earth is spinning
counterclockwise.
If you look at it at the
bottom, it's spinning clockwise.
It's rather confusing.
And so all of the ones are
going from over the top toward
your left side of your body.
It's really crucial.
If you're looking at a person,
you're outside of your body
looking at another body, all of
them look like they're moving
clockwise because now you've
looked at the other polarity.
If this is the person's body, it
looks like they're moving like
this and toward the
left side of their body.
You got to get that straight
because if you do the exact
opposite, you're going
to make that person sick.
You're going to mess them up.
Actually, in martial arts
they do those things.
You see them do this motion,
where they make the motion down
on their opponent,
and up on themselves.
They're making this motion.
And they're bringing
their energy up,
and they're bringing
their energy down.
Of course, they both know that,
so it doesn't usually work.
And so I found that you can
actually just use your hands
with your intention, which is
what I did out there for you
when you were in
the healing circle.
When I bring the
feathers up like this,
I'm seeing all of your
chakras spin properly.
And it's too fast for it to hold
for a long time, but it helps.
It does help.
But if you hold somebody
chakras for a long time,
you can do the same
thing as these.
But it does take training.
It's really good to have these.
I had these for many years, and
they really helped me in that
way.
It's good to know that what's
really actually happening
in the chakras, that they're
really just little tiny Merkaba
fields is all they are.
But from that, you can feel,
you run your hand up from here,
and you can just feel where
they're spinning incorrectly.
And you can just see
where all the blocks are,
and all you'd have to
do is just go there.
You don't even have to touch
the person, and you can,
with your intention,
spin that so that it goes
into the appropriate field.
There's times when we're
doing this healing here,
where people get
so emotional in it,
they have such an emotional
release that they can't even
stop crying.
They're just crying
uncontrollably.
And there was several
times, actually,
where I saw the
person doing this,
and they were just
standing there,
and they couldn't stop crying.
And I use them to see
what would happen.
So I go to their heart chakra,
and I go to their upper heart
chakra, which is the link
to their emotional body,
from where that crying
is probably coming from.
It could be from down here.
But it's probably from up here.
And I would go to their side
and put my hand over the upper
heart chakra and to the back,
link with both sides of it
because it's a cone coming out
in both ways, link with it.
And I could close my eyes, and
I could just see this thing.
And what was amazing
is that the chakra--
this is the size of your
chakra, of the actual spin.
But the energy point is just
like a pinhole inside of it.
It's really, really small
what is generating the energy.
And so I put my hands over
them, and they're crying,
and I could see
this thing-- huge.
They would get this big when
a person's out of control like
that.
The chakra's out like that,
and it isn't just spinning like
a top tight, it's
wobbling all over.
And so I with my intention,
I would take that and spin it
in and in and tighter
and tighter and tighter,
until it was spending.
And the person would be cry--
ah-ah-ah-ah ooph--oooph.
Where'd it go?
I was into that.
And I did that with
a lot of people.
You can do it with babies, too.
It's just with babies, just go
to their heart chakra and just
bring it into balance,
and they just quit crying.
They just feel fine after that.
>>Is it the direction of
the-- the right direction
of the [INAUDIBLE]?
>>Well, the direction is that
always goes over the top toward
the left side of the body.
And even if you're looking
at them the other way,
it looks like the
spin is different.
But it's still going toward
the left side of the body.
And then the thing, though,
is the base and the crown are
flat.
And it's the way you look.
If look down at the crown,
you'll see it's spinning
counterclockwise.
But then you look up
at the-- excuse me.
Look down at the base, and
it's spinning counterclockwise.
You look up at this one,
which is now you're underneath
the opposite pole, and it's
also spinning counterclockwise,
which means they're spinning
in opposite directions to each
other.
That's one of the little
tricks that's really important
to understand.
We have a whole set of octaves.
We have an octave or chromatic
scale, really, of 13 chakras.
And the length from the
base of the spine to the top
of the head is a certain length.
We have another set below us,
where we came from another way.
And if you measured them,
they're much shorter.
And the distance, if
you took this as one,
this one is going to be
1.618, this golden mean.
If you take this one as one,
we have another set that goes
above our head, and
they're much bigger.
They're longer.
And if this is one, it's 1.618
is the separation between them.
They're higher,
bigger, and farther.
And so it's the translation
is, as I see it,
this one's spinning in one
direction, so those, I think,
are reversed compared to these.
And these above you are
reversed compared to these,
which means that the ones above
us and the ones below us are
in the same spin ratio, but
the ones in the middle are
different in the opposite.
>>Are there chakras
coming out of the back?
>>Yeah, they come out
of the front and back.
It's spinning tetrahedrons,
and they form cones when
they're spinning.
And so you have a cone
coming out the front,
and you have a cone coming out
the back of each one of them.
Except this one is going to be
in the head and out that way,
and the base one's going to
be down that and up this way.
>>If you take your right hand,
and you put your thumb out,
no matter what chakra you
put your thumb into-- front
or back-- the direction your
fingers are turning will show
you the direction of the chakra.
So here it'll turn this
way, here this way,
and here that way.
So it's like that,
and like that,
even in the chakra
one like that.
>>Your right or left hand?
>>Your right hand--
right hand rule.
>>If you know this, if you know
what we're just talking about
right now, you can become a
master healer really quick
because all you gotta do is be
in your heart and go through
their chakra system and
get everything in balance.
And that balances everything,
all the meridians,
the whole thing.
All the blood flow
begins to happen.
The chi begins to move through
your body right and problems
just go away.
There still are emotional
impacts behind that,
and some of those
emotional impacts--
that's why I think you
have to do this many times.
You don't do it just once.
Once starts bringing the flow.
But you have to get into
those emotional impacts,
but it's very good.
So I brought this just to
explain this because when it
comes to healing for
me, this is a big thing.
This is a really
important thing to know,
and it doesn't cost
anything or anything.
It's just knowledge.
And if you know that knowledge
of exactly what's going
on in all your chakra systems,
how they work, and what it is,
and if you're sensitive,
you're a healer,
you can probably feel
where they're at.
And you fix just the
ones that are even out,
just that usually makes
a massive difference
in a person's energy
field and how they work.
But do them all.
Do all of them.
And especially not just these,
but you have one more right
above your head up here.
That's the 13th one, which
links you between these chakras
and the ones above.
This is the base
of the next one,
and so that's really
important to tie it,
and to tie it to the ones below.
This is your past, and
this is your future.
And so I just felt that was
an important thing for you
to understand.
I think if you start
working with it,
if you are a healer and you're
working with people and you
have the money, I really
recommend you get,
especially these brand new
ones that are coming out,
which are the thing.
But if you don't, if don't have
the money and you can't afford
it, just learn the system.
I want you to just learn,
figure it out what your hands,
and you can do this yourself.
We have a little bit more time.
And I stopped on those things.
I think what I want to talk now
about what we're going to do
this afternoon.
And we're going to be involved
in what is called sound
healing, and there's a lot
of ideas about sound healing
and how it works.
It came from this
woman named Joann Karl.
Does anybody know Joanne
Karl, they've ever been to her
workshops?
One person.
I love her.
She's really a great lady.
I wish I could tell her story.
It would take about
half an hour to do it.
The story is amazing of how
she came into spirituality.
But through the story though,
she became directly connected
to Archangel Michael,
and I mean directly.
He manifested physically
to her for a while anyway.
Nobody could see him but her.
She could touch
him just like this,
but nobody else could see it.
And so I taught with her for
a while because I was really
learning from her because she
was doing things that I'd never
seen before.
All her learning was through
play and through games and real
gentle things-- swaying people
in blankets and all kinds
of things.
And it was all being led
by Archangel Michael.
But one of the things they
did was somebody was real sick
in there, and Archangel Michael
had them stand in the middle.
And then six people stood
around them and put their hands
on the back and around
the side of that person,
and then another group around
that on the backs of them.
And they kept doing that,
so they're all touching.
And all they did
was sing to them.
Only, in this case, they chanted
ohm, and the energy went in.
And I watched the
transformation of this person,
and this person was completely
healed from just this chanting.
And after that, I realized
I wanted to incorporate that
into workshops, but I didn't
know exactly how because that
would take forever to do
that, if you have one person,
and the whole group working
on that one person like that.
And so I discussed it with
Archangel Michael, and he said,
well, we can adapt it.
And he said, you can do it
in groups of seven or eight.
And his words were
not six and not nine.
It had to be either
seven or eight people.
And so what we're going to do
is we're going to lay one person
down on their back, and they'll
be a person at the head,
a person at the feet.
And then the rest, two
or three on either side.
And one person's
holding the feet.
The other person's
holding the head.
Somebody's holding both hands.
And the rest of hands go
on the side of the body.
And all we do is we're
just going to sing ohm--
the words are pretty
easy-- and alleluia.
And it took us awhile to find
out what this other sound would
be, but alleluia's
really good one.
There's probably
others you could use.
An energy field is created.
And you're getting closed.
You can feel this.
And a strange thing happens.
In this particular
kind of thing,
you can just let go of
stuff, just let it go,
and it's just gone.
But here's how it works.
I'm going to move this one.
Do you remember in one of the
books I had something called
"The Family Tree of a Male Bee?"
Does anybody remember that?
Wait, am I too far
off to the side?
I think I need to move.
Can everybody see that now?
Yeah?
OK.
The Family Tree of a
Male Bee is that-- well,
a female bee can make a
male bee anytime she wants.
She does not need a male.
She can just become pregnant and
the bee will always be a male
bee.
But if she chooses
to make a female bee,
she must mate with a male bee.
That's how they have set it up.
And so here's a male bee,
and a male bee only has--
this is male and female.
A male bee only has a mother.
But the female bee has a
mother-- a father and a mother.
It's like a tetrahedron.
This is the basic geometry
that they have figured out.
Well, if you keep doing this,
that means that the male only
has a mother, but the mother
has a male and a female.
Do you understand?
Is it clear to everybody?
I'm going to go faster now.
I'm not even going to put
those things in there now.
Now, if you look at this, it's
one, one, two, three, five,
eight, 13, and it's the
Fibonacci sequence unfolding.
So we're binary sequence, and
they're Fibonacci sequence.
But in there, if you notice,
I came back up the other way,
and in music and a piano
with black and white keys,
the white keys are the octave.
The black keys are basically--
you can come back starting with
either a chord of three, then
going to five, the pentagonal--
what's it called?
Pentatonic scale-- the octave,
which is really 7 plus one.
This one is also 4
plus 1, by the way.
This is 7 plus 1, and
this is 12 plus 1, or 13.
And then when you do that, and
you run these things down here,
you can actually see why
the chromatic scale goes C,
C sharp, D, et cetera,
all the way through there,
and why sometimes
there isn't one.
You can actually
visually see it.
But what you're doing here
is you're having harmonics
of music comes up this way,
and organic structure come down
this way, and they meet,
and they're identical.
If you can intuitively see this,
there is a relationship with
music, or the harmonics of
sound, and organic structure.
They're related together.
We used another one.
There are actually
billions of these,
if you want to go through life.
There was one that the
Rosicrucians used where they
took a human spine, which
has 24 vertebrae in it,
which is three octaves
or two chromatic scales,
depending on how you
want to look at it.
And because it's Fibonacci,
organic structure is based
on Fibonacci, it never reaches
perfectly the golden mean,
and so there are differences,
slight differences.
So if you take a person's height
and you take their wingspan,
they fit inside of a cube,
which Leonardo showed.
But if you measure
a lot of people,
you'll find that the
difference between the height
and their wingspan is one
ten thousandths of an inch.
So it's really small,
but that small is related
because it's Fibonacci in
nature and not golden mean,
and in the same way, the spine.
What the Rosicrucians
did is they took each one
of the vertebrae, and
they took 100 vertebrae,
and they weighed them.
They took the actual weight of
these things that was left over
after they were dried-- and
the actual weight of each one
of them.
And they averaged them on each
one of them with 100 of them.
And they found out
this amazing thing,
and that is that the
weight of the vertebrae,
the human vertebrae, and the
cycles-per-second moving up
through the chromatic
scale, cycles-per-second
in the chromatic scale,
moves at 11 cycles-per-second
and multiples there of.
So the first one's
11, 22, 33, 44,
55 cycles per-second
as they move up.
And the weight ratios were
exactly in that proportion--
exactly.
It's amazing.
So the bottom vertebrae, as
they got lighter and lighter
and lighter, that
cycles-per-second was exactly
the same thing as going
the other direction.
And so again, you can see that
there is a relationship between
the harmonics of music
and organic structure,
and this time you tied it
to humans, not just to bees.
You could do this for
the rest of your life.
You could just keep
picking things.
And just in the human body
there's hundreds and hundreds
of thousands, probably
maybe going into billions
and trillions, I don't know,
just forever of different
places you could find
the same relationship,
where the harmonics of music and
organic structure are related.
Once you know that that's
true, you can see how sound,
the human voice-- it doesn't
have to be just an instrument
or a violin or a
guitar-- but all sound.
You could even have sound
generators that can do this.
But the human voices is old,
and when the human voice is
connected to the heart chakra,
when it's in that place again,
and you are either
talking or singing,
especially when you're
seeing in harmonics,
it's really powerful
in the human body.
It can alter the
course of illness,
and it can do it really fast.
And that's what we're going to
demonstrate today and show you.
And you can feel this.
When you get in there, and
these people are singing to you,
it does kind of like the disc.
You just kind of go
under, and you go out.
And when you're in that
state, you can change anything
if that's your intention.
It's up to you.
Nobody's going to heal you.
You're going to do it
yourself if you want do.
You don't have to.
You can keep it--
whatever it is.
So is there any
questions about this?
Oh, you have one, right.
OK, go ahead.
>>The heart chakra is
the sequence 34 and 21.
If you want to go to
the other chakras,
do you use the eight system
or the 12 system-- the eight-
or the 13-system?
>>Wait a minute, you go to the
heart chakra, and it's 34, 21.
>>I want to go to
find the other one.
I use the eight systems to
go through the Fibonacci down
or the 12?
>>Well, you have both system
superimposed over each other.
In other words, you have
12 chakras from the base
to the top.
>>So if I wanted to know that--
>>But if you just wanted to
only function on the eight--
Hindus only pretty much focused
only on the eight or the white
keys.
They didn't look
at the black keys.
>>The real question is I want to
go down the Fibonacci and find
what is for the sixth chakra.
So I go--
>>You mean what the spin
ratio is in all these?
>>Yeah, so I go by the 12?
>>That's not how-- yes.
What you're talking
about is yes.
But that's not how it works.
Each one of the chakras
are an individual Merkaba
in themselves, and
they're all 34, 21.
However, 34, 21 is
associated with the heart.
And so the key is that the big
one is rotating around us is
a heart-based Merkaba field.
There will come a
time in our future,
where we will be on a certain
level of consciousness,
where we might be, say,
at the throat chakra,
and that one's going to have a
different speed ratio than what
this one is.
But if we had a Merkaba rotating
around us that was based
on this speed ratio up here,
then all of our chakras are
going to have that same ratio.
So 31, 21 is one.
34, 55 is another.
55, 89 is another.
89, 144 is another one.
It is a deep science.
The universe has spent more time
studying this than any other
thing.
And so there's more out
there, more knowledge,
more everything on Merkaba
fields than anything else
because a Merkaba is the
key to all levels of higher
consciousness without exception.
You can't move to a higher level
of consciousness until you know
and can experience the next
higher level of what that next
one is.
In our particular case, we're
not actually going to do it.
Mother Earth is going to do
it for us on this first time.
After that, we're on our own.
And so right now
she's in a 34, 21,
and she's going to take us
into really the same place.
It's just right here.
But she's going to bring us to
the fourth-dimensional level
of the earth, and she's
going to take us there.
Once were there though, we're
going to do it on our own from
there on out.
And we will know when
to make these changes.
We will just know when.
You're going to have a brain
about that big-- literally.
You're going to have this
giant head that you'll get,
and you'll be about
14 to 16 feet high,
and the women will be
about 10 to 12 feet high.
And you'll have this huge
head with these big eyes,
and you will understand things
that you can't even begin
to understand right now.
But if you want to know
where those 12 points are,
that seemed to be one of
the things you were asking,
lay down like on a hard
rug like this on your back.
And with you, it'll be easy.
If you're overweight
or underweight,
it doesn't work very well.
And you can just measure
the distance between--
you can use the tip of your
eyes or across your palm.
But a really easy one is
the tip your nose to the tip
of your chin, and that's
your measuring stick between
your chakras.
If everybody did
this in the room,
it would come up to
7.23 centimeters,
which is the frequency of the
universe that we happen to be
in.
But if you lay down on the back,
and you take that measuring
stick, and without moving your
fingers, you keep them locked,
and you put this on the perineum
and come up topographically
over the top of your body,
you'll come out so it curves
going up.
So you put this here, and
this one will rotate it,
and it'll lock there.
Then you go straight down the
body; that's chakra number two.
This one's chakra number one.
That's chakra number two.
You go again, and your finger's
going to go right inside
your navel.
I know in martial arts
they say it's below there.
But it's not.
That's balance.
That's not where the chakra is.
The chakra as exactly
inside the navel,
and we know that for sure.
And then when you come up
again, it'll go right into that
the mouth of the solar plexus.
You come up again; it'll go
right into the first heart
chakra.
This will be the
second heart chakra.
If you're laying down,
if you're a male,
it'll be on the Adam's
apple, which is number six.
Wait a mintue-- one, two,
three, four, five, six.
This is number 7.
And then when you do it
again, it comes to the tip
of the chin, which is number
eight on a chromatic scale.
And so you just did an octave,
and so you have two things
going on now.
You have another one inside
the head, a small one,
that runs up through here.
But if you continue on with the
chromatic scale, this is eight,
nine.
Do it again, and that's
the third eye, 10.
Then do it again.
This will be what we call
the 45, and do it again;
it'll hit your crown chakra.
And that's the 12 places.
But you do have another one
in here, and you can see it.
The chin comes out this way.
That's number one.
Then the mouth
goes out this way.
It's number two.
Then the nose
comes out this way.
It's three.
Then the eyes come out this way.
It's four.
Then it comes over here.
It's five.
Then the other ones are
inside, and you can't see them.
You can figure out exactly
where these chakras are,
just lying on a hard surface
and measuring them on your body.
>>So if you want to know the
Merkaba, like the 34, 21,
like the navel, you use
the offset of 12 chakras,
not the eight.
>>Well, within those 12--
>>Like to go for the Fibonacci,
go down for the Fibonacci,
I use the offsets of the
12th location or of seventh?
>>No, both locations are there
simultaneously at the same
time.
It's just that if you looked at
them-- here's all 12 of them,
3, 6, 9, 10, 11, 12.
This is the base one.
And as you go up, these first
three are our white keys.
The next one is black key.
Then you come to the heart,
and this one's black key.
This is number eight.
This is black key.
This is white key.
Oops, sorry that's white key,
and these are both black key
also, I think.
I don't know if I did
that right or not.
But both the black and
white keys are mixed up.
They're mixed up exactly as
you'd play the chromatic scale.
So if you go (HUMMING
A SCALE) like that,
every time you switch
up to a black key,
that's going to be one that is
not part of the eight chakra.
And so if you understand
what I'm saying,
that's how it works.
If you don't, then I'll take
you off to the side a little bit
and do it again.
So now the next thing with this
is I was just trying to explain
why this works, why your
voice can actually heal.
And the voice could
affect a lot of things.
I mean, you see that some people
will sing a song and you cry.
Other people sing the same
song and just nothing happens
because they're not here.
If a person's really in their
heart when they're singing,
it has an impact on you.
And this is, again, the voice
not only affecting physical
body, but it can
affect emotional body,
and it can affect
mental body, too.
A lot of classical
music is very mental.
The precision of it
affects mental patterns.
And since I only have a
very short amount of time,
I have to start
talking very fast.
There is one other thing that's
going to be going on today
and that has to
do with entities.
And this was a very, very big
deal back in the '80s and '90s.
About 1/2 the world had entities
inside of them, roughly 50%,
and it changed by
geographical location.
Some countries didn't
have very much.
Some countries had a lot.
A lot of South American
countries were very high--
extremely high.
Some Scandinavian countries,
it was almost nonexistent.
And it just depends
where you came from.
But on average, about 1/2 the
world had at least one or more
entities inside of them.
It isn't about good or bad
or any of that other stuff.
The Christian ideas, especially
the Catholic ideas of this,
are, from my point of
view, simply wrong.
They don't know
what they're doing.
They assume that every time
there's an entity in you,
it's Satan, and it's bad.
That just is not
what I found ever.
Well, not that Satan hasn't
been inside people before
or-- that's just one person.
Satan is a person.
And what I find is that most
of these are ETs that have been
traveling inner-dimensionally
and have somehow got here
and got lost from
one way or another.
And they don't want to be here.
A lot of them came from Atlantis
when the misuse of the power
that took place then
split the dimensions open,
and a lot of these things look
like snakes came out of the sky
and into people.
Atlantis was really a
mess toward the end.
Everybody was sick and dying.
It was horrible-- horrible,
worst thing you ever imagine
because they all had like 100,
200 different of these entities
inside of them, and
they couldn't function.
But nowadays you don't
see very many of those,
and usually it's only
one, two, three, four,
five entities in someone.
If they're into heroin and
crack and certain things,
that's where you find 100,
150 entities or more inside
of them.
They really open up to that.
And you can get it through
all kinds of things-- alcohol,
not just drinking
a glass of wine.
But I mean if you're
just totally gone,
and you do it a lot, especially
if you involve sexual energy
into it.
There's a moment
right at orgasm when,
especially through heroin, you
just open up to the universe
and anything can come in you.
And also through surgery in
modern times is where a lot
of really clean,
honest, straight people,
that don't have any relationship
to those kind of drugs,
they just go in to get some
little thing done on them,
and the anesthesiologist
puts them under,
and it's just the same thing.
And they just, pfft.
I've talked now to, I think,
five or six professional
anesthesiologists who are
also psychic and could see
the things going in them.
And they go, what do I do?
Every time I do this, these
people just get loaded up with
these things.
And so there are
ways you seal them.
You can seal them temporarily.
You can seal yourself
by your Merkaba field.
You need to do this-- block
the possibility of any kind
of entity entering
into your body.
It's a major program that should
be in everyone right that you
do that.
Because once you
do that, that's it.
They cannot get in you at all.
Your Merkaba seals everything
off, and they can't get in.
They usually come in through
the back of the neck.
There's a little chakra back
here right where that bump
and that soft place.
And that's right
where they come in.
They come in behind you.
You don't even see them coming.
You don't even know it happens
until actually when it happens.
But this is a big thing for
my job of trying to teach you
spirituality and energy levels.
If you have an entity in you,
it keeps you very, very often--
I mean, there are positive
and negative entities.
There are some cases where
you've made agreements with
people, like we did out there,
where your own angel's coming
in.
You have another being
inside of you, but it's you.
It's not somebody
else; it's you.
It's OK.
But if somebody else comes in--
a spirit comes into another
body, they're supposed
to ask permission.
And sometimes they do, and so
sometimes you'll go in to do
that, and you'll see
that somebody's in there.
But it's a benevolent thing.
It's a good thing, and
you just leave them alone.
But if it is something where
the person's been trapped here
on earth, and they don't
want to just live free;
they want to live
inside somebody.
A lot of time they'll
go in animals first,
and then they'll
come up to people.
Those things need to be removed.
And I don't believe,
like the Catholic Church,
where you could
just throw them out.
Because when you
just throw them out,
they just go into somebody
else immediately-- shwoop.
And so what Archangel Michael
does as he puts a golden
octahedron around them in a very
specific kind of way and made
in a very specific kind of
way that does two things.
It keeps the entities,
as you remove them,
contained inside of
that energy field.
And they can't go
in anybody else.
So if you see us doing
this today, if it happens,
don't be concerned.
They cannot come in to you.
It is not possible--
literally impossible.
And then there's also the
octahedron is made in such
a way that it connects
to all dimensional levels
in existence.
And so once we do get them out,
Archangel Michael takes them
through the apex directly into
the world from where they came
from and releases them
back into that world.
So it's a win-win
situation for everyone.
The person's now all alone
by themselves in their body,
and what was this thing that was
stopping them is now back where
they're supposed to be.
What archangel Michael
says is that there is no--
he's coming from
immunity point of view.
There is no good or bad people.
Every single person was created
by God for a sacred and holy
purpose.
And it's just being in the
wrong place at the wrong time.
It would be like if you
cut your stomach open,
you'd get blood
pouring in there.
Well, that blood is
supposed to be in the veins.
It has a purpose there.
It's not supposed to
be in the stomach.
So if it's in the
stomach, it's a mistake.
But if you could get all that
blood back into the veins,
everything would be fine.
And so the analogy
is very close.
If there's a spirit here, it
doesn't even matter how they
got here or what happened,
the story behind it.
All that matters is that
person is then carefully,
with great love, taken
back to their world,
and now they can serve the
purpose that they were created
for.
Because all life is one
big living organisms.
It's just one big, living thing,
and it's all interconnected.
But cells do get in the
wrong place or people do.
And so if I do see
someone-- but right now,
what the earth is bound
to just about zero.
There aren't very many
entities left on earth.
The earth is purifying itself
and getting all these people
to go back to where
they came from.
And this has been going on
now-- we're in the 11th year.
In 2000, groups were
formed all over the world--
all over the world-- and their
sole purpose was to begin
to bring entities back.
And I remember when the groups
around the world were telling
me they were doing this, and I
didn't know what to think about
it.
Except as I started
doing these workshops--
I was doing them before that.
And before that, I had to where
tennis shoes when I was on here
because I'd be running from
person to person to person
to person to person to person.
It was like everybody in
the room had problems.
And now, it's hard to find them.
I doubt if they'll be-- usually,
in most groups now, it's one,
two, three, four,
and that's about it.
I was just out at
Japan not long ago,
and there wasn't a single one.
I was even Columbia, where it's
very high, in a group this big,
and there was only seven people.
That is very low.
And so-- I'm sorry.
And so if that does happen,
I will come to the right side
of the body because
that's how I was trained.
And whoever's sitting there,
I'll ask you to move aside,
don't get in there
and work with persons.
I'm pretty fast at this.
I go into telepathic
communication with the spirit
or spirits.
And I don't let them speak
through the person because I
think that just scares the hell
out of the person that's inside
there.
It doesn't do any good,
except freak them out.
But they're very tricky.
They can become
infinitely small.
They can do all kinds of things,
tricks that make them hard
to detect.
I don't do battle with them.
I just come at them and
say, look, I love you guys.
I understand your situation.
And if you want help, I'm
here now, and I do this.
And usually what happens--
sometimes people have like 10
of them in there.
And the bigger, stronger
ones will take the little one
and push him out, and go, OK,
let's see what happens with
you.
No, no, no, no-- ah-h-h-h-h.
And they'll go, oh, that worked.
OK, you guys, I'm next.
Once they know
that this is real,
they usually start lining up.
And so that's what happens.
And the very first time, you
don't see usually too many.
But then once one happens,
then they all go, wow,
they've been waiting
10,000 years for this.
And so they all start
wanting to come out.
And so you don't have to go
in there and do anything.
They're just sitting
there waiting to go.
>>What would the person
experience before and after?
>>That depends on the person.
A lot of people feel
these things in them,
and they know they
have them in them.
And they've got names for them.
They know they're in there.
Some people have
them and don't know.
All they know is they can't
seem to manifest anything.
They can't do anything, that
these things keep messing with
them.
And they cause disease,
too, very often.
Some of them have just been
around here so long and feel
so hopeless that they just
don't really care what happens
to their host.
They just don't care.
They just think this is-- it's
like what if you were taken
to some foreign
planet somewhere,
with weird looking people, and
you were forced to live there,
and you're the only one.
You'd be thinking of nothing
but how do I get back to Earth.
That's all you want to do.
And that's really--
But what if it was
thousands of years?
After a while, you'd just feel
like you've been abandoned.
It's hopeless.
And so I've had discussions
with these people a lot of them.
And they just, they could hardly
believe that it's really going
to happen.
But when they see it actually
happening, they get excited.
We would too.
Suddenly somebody
shows up, and here,
I'll push this little button,
and you're back on Earth.
Wow, they want to do it.
The other thing, too, is that
when like the Catholic Church
does battle with them,
they can change their shape
into anything.
And so usually when they
say, OK, it's the devil.
OK, all right, you want the
devil, (EVIL VOICE) here I am.
But when you actually see them,
their actual form and shape,
they're usually beautiful
most of them, or simple.
I've seen some that are so
beautiful I just want to look
at them.
They're just amazingly pretty.
And a lot of them, most of
them, are very innocent.
They're just we were in a
ship and something happened,
and they ended up here.
And when you talk to
them, they're very sweet,
almost always more
intelligent than humans.
And then there's also
humans, where people die.
Grandfathers, very often when
they die and they go into fear
and afraid to go on, they
go into their grandchildren.
They don't go into their kids.
They go in because
they're younger.
I think that's probably why.
And easier to get into, and they
go into the-- (CHILD'S VOICE)
hi, Grandpa-- ga-loomf.
Grandpa, what are you
doing inside of me?
And so you get that.
I see that a lot.
Somebody asked me to give
a workshop on this once.
I didn't know how
long it would take.
It took three days just
to give the information.
There's a lot of other areas
that are not discussed right
now.
People give curses and create
thoughts with such power that
they enter in, and they act like
they're alive, but they're not.
And then there's a
million other things.
There's debris
that's left by them.
Some of them start forming
families inside of you,
and they have eggs and
all kinds of stuff.
They always want all that
stuff to come with them,
and you've got to make sure.
They won't go, and
a lot of stuff.
But at this point,
it's pretty easy.
It isn't something I like to do.
I don't have a choice.
If I really, truly want to serve
you and help you and get you
doing this, I've got to
get rid of these things.
Not rid-- bring them home.
>>Well, that's what
I wanted to ask is--
>>Where are you?
>>Oh.
>>Oh, OK, yes.
>>I'm here.
Can they hold back your
spiritual advancement?
>>They not only can, but
they almost always do.
>>No kidding.
>>Yeah, they stop you.
So you can meditate for
the rest of your life,
but if you have an entity
in you, more than likely,
you're not going
to get very far.
And that's why it's
essential that I do this.
I have to.
I don't really want
to, like I've said.
But I don't have a choice.
But it's pretty easy now.
Probably, there's not going
to be more than three or four
people in this whole
room that have it,
where it used to be
1/2 the room or more.
Because the Earth
really is purifying.
Is there one more question?
>>Yes.
>>Yes?
>>Why and how do they hold
back our spiritual growth?
>>Why, I don't know.
I think they're just grumpy.
I mean, I think they just, like
I said, been here for so long,
they've just given
up on any hope.
And they just won't do it.
They won't agree with it.
It would be very individual.
You'd have to ask that
person what's going on.
I just came across a whole group
of them that had come here from
Sirius, one of the
planets of Sirius.
They were like round, black
spheres with these little
tentacles that
were hanging down.
They were really sweet people.
I mean, I really
liked who they were.
They'd only been
here a few months.
And they were so-- the people
didn't even know that they were
in there.
They were being just really
quiet and trying to understand
what do we do.
How do we go?
And I actually wanted to talk
to them because I'd never seen
them before, and they told
me where they came from
and everything else.
And then I said, well,
exactly what you need?
They said, please get this
all together into one place,
and then we will-- so we did.
We got them in there, and
Archangel Michael left them.
They were all in this one place,
and then he brought them all
together.
They wanted to go together.
But they hadn't
been here very long.
Those same people, after
thousands of years,
at some point, you just
give up, and you just think
it's hopeless, and
you just give up.
>>Why do they come
into human beings?
>>It's because they
want to experience life.
When you are on a
physical form body,
and you haven't learned
how to be formless,
it does not feel
good to be formless.
That's something that
takes a long time.
Like the [? Pleitines ?]
are almost at that level.
They're just right now, today,
in the last couple years,
learning how to go formless.
They've been spending a long
time learning how to do this,
and they're just
starting to do it now.
And so it's something
that you have to learn,
and you don't learn this until
you get in the fifth dimension.
That's where you enter into
the fifth dimension formlessly.
But most of these things are
fourth-dimensional beings,
and they still have form.
But they can't live without it.
So they go into us, and
they usually attach--
they ride on our sexual energy.
They can feel through that.
And then they'll very often
connect into the sexual organs
and the breasts and
things like this.
And so that's why you have to
know how to disconnect them.
Otherwise it could really
be painful and hurt.
But if you disconnect
them improperly,
than if there's
no pain involved.
If you do it right, the
person doesn't even know that
you've done it.
But the people that are very
much in contact with the people
that are in there,
some of them are,
the human being part of them has
also developed a relationship
with them.
And very often when you
remove them, they get sad,
even though it's been
caused them problems.
They're used to it.
And they feel alone again.
It's kind of like when you're
separated with your breathing
tubes.
They're used to it, and
the human side wants it.
And they develop sexual
relationships with them, too.
This is another
thing that happens.
And this is a very
complex subject.
>>Thank you.
>>We're ready to go.
We're going to need to
close those doors going out,
out there.
And so I'll give you the
rest instructions now.
There's a person going
to be lying down.
So that's a person here.
There will be a person at the
head and a person at the feet,
holding onto the
feet and the head.
I have to say this.
It might sound kind of strange.
But whoever's holding the head,
don't bounce the head around.
I see people going like
this to the person.
You can't do this.
I've had people go, why not?
Just be still with the head,
and just let them go under
and relax, but
you're connecting.
The people that
are in that flow,
I like them to wear their
blindfolds and so that you
could really be sensitive
to the energy and that
you're connecting
between each other.
Whoever's on either
side, somebody,
either in this position
here, will hold the hand
of the person.
So their hands, their feet,
and their heads are being held.
And then the rest of people,
just put your hands on the side
of the body.
And I have to say
one more thing,
which is kind of
obvious, but still,
I have to say it anyway
because it happens,
especially in other places
outside the United States.
But this is not a
tantra workshop.
So forget the sexual
stimulation right now.
People get upset
with this sometimes.
We're not doing that this time.
That's next week.
The way this is broken down
is that we're going to do four
people.
They'll be a half an hour break,
and then four more people.
And when you get that break,
I really recommend you wash
your hands and face, or
just throw some water on you
and clean everything off because
there's going to be a lot
of debris going in this room.
I do have, but I haven't
programmed it yet,
there is a rotating
field back here,
a surrogate Merkaba field that
goes around that is protecting
us.
It will also filter
out all of this stuff,
and it won't hang around.
Tomorrow we're going
to do something else.
I'll explain what
it is tomorrow.
We don't complete
this until tomorrow.
There's about 10 more minutes
tomorrow that are really
important to finish this up.
Because what happens,
we get done here.
We go to sleep.
And sometimes people just wish
they had let go of something,
but they didn't.
And sometimes entities
are still in there,
and they wish they had gone.
And you get a second chance
tomorrow for about 10 minutes.
And a lot happens
during that time.
But it's an entirely
different thing.
It's not a Merkaba
field I'll explain it,
if anybody wants to
know, but not now.
So we're going to go for 19
minutes of ohming and then six
minutes of alleluia.
And the key to this is not
just ohming or making sounds.
Because if you just make an
ohm, it doesn't do anything.
Well, maybe it does
on some levels,
but it's not what
we're aiming for here.
The whole purpose, for what
you should understand now,
is that we're in
our heart chakra.
We center ourselves in our heart
chakra, the lower heart chart,
not this one up here,
but the one down lower,
which is connected directly to
the sacred place of the heart.
And that's where
your tube meets.
Your breathing tube
meets in that spot,
so you know right where it is.
So if you're just breathing
and you're feeling the flow,
it's putting you at
exactly in the right place.
And when you are in there, and
then you ohm with intention
that this person that's
on the table can release
whatever's in the best divine
order at that time for them,
anything's possible
at that moment.
It's just pretty amazing.
You'll see this energy builds
in this, and you'll see.
So that's all you do,
the people out here,
is you just chant
ohm or alleluia,
and you just stay in here.
It isn't how loud you
chant that matters.
It's not volume.
It's quality.
And so it's been in here,
breathing, and chanting.
You could chat low.
You don't have to blast it out.
We're going to have speakers
that will be ohming also
and alleluia also.
But it isn't that
energy that does it.
It's you that do it.
And the order that goes on
to the table is up to you.
Some people want to go first.
Some people want to go last.
Whatever you want
to do; I don't care.
It's just between
this group here.
The easiest place to remove
entities is through the naval.
There's an automatic-- just
think of an umbilical cord
coming out, and there's an
automatic flow from that place.
And it's really simple and
easy to remove them from here.
And so I get to the stomach is
where I'm aiming for, for this
spot.
And I need to be able to get to
it and see exactly where they
are, and see where all
the different chakras are.
If there's a blanket over
the top, I can't get there.
I don't know where it is.
I mean I can, but
it's a lot harder.
I'd rather visually be able
to see where things are,
instead of sitting there having
to figure out by sensing.
Archangel Michael is here now,
and he will be through this
whole thing.
So I think we're ready.
I think we're ready to go.
There is something I
want to say right now.
And it will probably
mean not much.
But at the end of this, it'll
have a whole other meaning
because this is what we're
going to be doing next hour.
It's Saint Francis.
Saint Francis said something
a long time ago that's very
applicable to this
place right now.
And let me bring it back.
It's in giving that you receive.
And it's in loving one another
that you come to know and live
the meaning and purpose of life.
And it's really right on.
But we don't realize it.
It's like we think that the
person that's down there is
the one that is doing it, but
you're giving to this person.
But it's in giving you receive.
And very often the person that's
sitting there giving to this
person is the person
that gets the healing.
It isn't just there.
It's everybody.
It's is the relationship
that you're forming.
We used to live in pods.
We used to live in
groups a long time ago,
and we breathed together,
and we were all one.
There was no one man, one thing.
They were all married
as one family,
and everything was shared on
every level of our existence.
And we live this
way all the time.
This is something
that we've forgotten.
But when you get into this,
you realize how close.
You may not even know the
people that around you,
but it's amazing how close you
get to each other by giving.
It's just-- well,
you'll see as we go.
And when we get all done,
I'll say this thing what Saint
Francis said again.
You'll go, oh,
yeah, I understand.
OK, are we ready?
All right.
[OHMING]
[ALLELUIA]
>>OK, that was day two.
Now you can proceed on to day
three, the day of the mind.